Transducer v5 (#3217)
espnet/espnet: doc/tutorial.md

- The pure attention mode requires to set the maximum and minimum hypothesis length (`--maxlenratio` and `--minlenratio`), appropriately. In general, if you have more insertion errors, you can decrease the `maxlenratio` value, while if you have more deletion errors you can increase the `minlenratio` value. Note that the optimum values depend on the ratio of the input frame and output label lengths, which is changed for each language and each BPE unit.
- About the effectiveness of hybrid CTC/attention during training and recognition, see [2] and [3]. For example, hybrid CTC/attention is not sensitive to the above maximum and minimum hypothesis heuristics. 

> ## Transducer

Reviewer: Transducer description should be the same header level as CTC/attention.
Please use `###`.
Also, the following headers should be `####`.

ESPnet supports models trained with transducer loss, aka transducer models. To train such model, the following should be set in the training config:

```
criterion: loss
model-module: "espnet.nets.pytorch_backend.e2e_asr_transducer:E2E"
```

### Architecture

> 

Reviewer: Can you emphasize that the customizable architecture is only supported in the transducer mode and why this is important for the transducer mode?

Author: Is that okay for you?

Reviewer: LGTM!

Several transducer architectures are currently available:
- RNN-Transducer (default, e.g.: `etype: blstm` with `dtype: lstm`)
- Custom-Transducer (e.g.: `etype: custom` and `dtype: custom`)
- Mixed Custom/RNN-Transducer (e.g: `etype: custom` with `dtype: lstm`)

The architecture specification is separated for the encoder and decoder part, and defined by the user through, respectively, `etype` and `dtype` in training config. If `custom` is specified for either, a customizable architecture will be used for the corresponding part, otherwise a RNN-based architecture will be selected.

While defining a RNN architecture is done in an usual manner (similarly to CTC, attention and MTL) with global parameters, a customizable architecture definition for transducer is different:

> 1) Each blocks (or layers) for both network part should be specified individually through `enc-block-arch` or/and `dec-block-arch`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Each block (or layer) for both network parts should be specified individually through `enc-block-arch` or/and `dec-block-arch`:
```

          pos-dropout-rate (optional): [Dropout-rate for positional encoding module. (float)]
          att-dropout-rate (optional): [Dropout-rate for attention module. (float)]

        # Conformer
        - type: conformer
          d_hidden: [Input/output dimension of Conformer block (int)]
          d_ff: [Hidden dimension of the Feed-forward module. (int)]
          heads: [Number of heads in multi-head attention. (int)]
          macaron_style: [Whether to use macaron style. (boolean)]
          use_conv_mod: [Whether to use convolutional module. (boolean)]
          conv_mod_kernel: [Number of kernel in convolutional module. (int)]
          dropout-rate (optional): [Dropout-rate for Transformer block. (float)]
          pos-dropout-rate (optional): [Dropout-rate for positional encoding module. (float)]
          att-dropout-rate (optional): [Dropout-rate for attention module. (float)]

        # Causal Conv1d
        - type: causal-conv1d
          idim: [Input dimension. (int)]
          odim: [Output dimension. (int)]
          kernel_size: [Size of convolving kernel. (int)]
          stride: [Stride of the convolution. (int)]

>           dilation: [Spacing between the kernel points. (int)]

Reviewer: no dropout in conv1d?

Reviewer: We can keep it as an action item and will work on it in a follow-up PR.

                  att-dropout-rate: 0.4
        dec-block-repeat: 2

For more information about the customizable architecture, please refer to [vivos config examples](https://github.com/espnet/espnet/tree/master/egs/vivos/asr1/conf/tuning/transducer) which cover most cases.

### Augmented training

> We also supports augmented transducer model training with various auxiliary tasks, such as: CTC loss, LM loss (label-smoothing), auxiliary transducer loss and symmetric KL divergence loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also support augmented transducer model training with various auxiliary tasks, such as: CTC loss, LM loss (label-smoothing), auxiliary transducer loss, and symmetric KL divergence loss.
```

### Additional notes

- Similarly to CTC training mode, transducer does not output the validation accuracy. Thus, the optimum model is selected with its loss value (i.e., --recog_model model.loss.best).
- There are several differences between MTL and transducer training/decoding options. The users should refer to `espnet/espnet/nets/pytorch_backend/e2e_asr_transducer.py` for an overview and `espnet/espnet/nets/pytorch_backend/transducer/arguments` for all possible arguments.
- Memory usage during training can be reduced with minor training time augmentation using efficient encoder and decoder output combination [Li et al. (2019)](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12415.pdf). To enable the feature, `joint-memory-reduction` can be set to True in training config.
- RNN-decoder pre-initialization using a LM is supported. The LM state dict keys (`predictor.*`) will be matched to AM state dict keys (`dec.*`).
- Transformer-decoder pre-initialization using a transformer LM is not supported yet.
- Mixing transformer and conformer blocks within the same architecture part (i.e.: encoder) is not supported.

> 

Reviewer: The following descriptions are common about the transducer and CTC/attention modes, but it looks like it is under the transducer. Please adjust the level of the header appropriately
